readme.md, before:

## Why the warm climate is better


![ imagaes depicting warm weather](img/pexels-amit-shubinsky-16403289.jpg)

Sunlight exposure increases your body’s vitamin D levels. Vitamin D can prevent cancer, provide higher energy levels, and keep your bones strong and healthy. And even though Vitamin D is so important for your health, researchers at Central Washington University claim that 77% of people are vitamin D deficient because they don’t get enough sunlight. If you’re locked up most of the year indoors because of cold temperature, ice and snow, it may be time to consider a move somewhere with more sunshine. Just remember to get a moderate amount, because getting too much sunlight can be harmful as well.

Research shows that your overall alertness & mental performance is at its best when your body temperature is high. Staying warm in nice weather helps keep you alert and improves your memory. And sure, you can keep your body temperature up regardless of the temperature outside, but it’s a lot easier when you don’t have to wear 7 layers just to stay warm.

## Activities that can be done in warm weather

There are plenty yof outdoor activities that can be done all year round as opposed to just being reserved for summer. Activities such as:
1. Swimming 
2. Having picnics
3. Playing outdoor sports
4. Hiking




![Images depecting warm weather](img/pexels-arti-agarwal-2880741.jpg) 

![Images depecting warm weather](img/pexels-tellez-erik-12956666.jpg)

Commit message:

updated images and read me file
Added more info

readme.md, after:

## Why the warm climate is better


![ imagaes depicting warm weather](img/pexels-amit-shubinsky-16403289.jpg)

Sunlight exposure increases your body’s vitamin D levels. Vitamin D can prevent cancer, provide higher energy levels, and keep your bones strong and healthy. And even though Vitamin D is so important for your health, researchers at Central Washington University claim that 77% of people are vitamin D deficient because they don’t get enough sunlight. If you’re locked up most of the year indoors because of cold temperature, ice and snow, it may be time to consider a move somewhere with more sunshine. Just remember to get a moderate amount, because getting too much sunlight can be harmful as well.

Research shows that your overall alertness & mental performance is at its best when your body temperature is high. Staying warm in nice weather helps keep you alert and improves your memory. And sure, you can keep your body temperature up regardless of the temperature outside, but it’s a lot easier when you don’t have to wear 7 layers just to stay warm.

## Activities that can be done in warm weather

There are plenty yof outdoor activities that can be done all year round as opposed to just being reserved for summer. Activities such as:
1. Swimming 

![people at the beach](img/pexels-sergio-souza-3772249.jpg)


2. Having picnics
3. Playing outdoor sports

![boys playing football outdoors](img/pexels-pixabay-258395.jpg)

4. Hiking


## Images of warm weather scenery and greenery 

![Images depecting warm weather](img/pexels-arti-agarwal-2880741.jpg) 

![Images depecting warm weather](img/pexels-tellez-erik-12956666.jpg)
